Add RFQ doc (#121)
consenlabs/tokenlon-contracts: doc/README.md

## UserProxy & Tokenlon

> User proxy is the entry of the whole procotol while Tokenlon is a transparent upgradeable proxy of it. User proxy navigate users to a specific strategy contract. Meanwhile, it has a multicall entry which allows batching calls between differnt strategy contracts in a single transaction. Each strategy contract has a corresponding function in `UserProxy` which takes one parameter `bytes _payload` then forward it to the destinated function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`UserProxy` is the entry of the whole protocol while Tokenlon is a transparent upgradeable proxy of it. `UserProxy` navigates users to a specific strategy contract. Meanwhile, it has a multicall entry which allows batching calls between different strategy contracts in a single transaction. Each strategy contract has a corresponding function in `UserProxy` which takes one parameter `bytes _payload`, and the payload will be forwarded by `UserProxy` to destination strategy contract.
```

Reviewer: It's more clear to me to use a single word to denote contract name since It's more like an instance or object as a whole.

# Strategy Contracts

> There are multiple strategy contracts in the Tokenlon protocol with different trading mechanisms. A user can navigate to each strategy contract thorugh dedicated routing function in `UserProxy` contract. Each routing function takes one parameter `bytes _payload` which is later then forwarded to a specific strategy contract.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are multiple strategy contracts in the Tokenlon protocol with different trading mechanisms. A user can navigate to each strategy contract through dedicated routing function in `UserProxy` contract. Each routing function takes one parameter `bytes _payload` which is later then forwarded to a specific strategy contract.
```

Reviewer 2: I think we can leave the detail (`_payload` param) to UserProxy of strategy contracts.
```suggestion
There are multiple strategy contracts in the Tokenlon protocol with different trading mechanisms. A user can navigate to each strategy contract thorugh dedicated routing function in `UserProxy` contract.
```
